then the Lord said to Moses depart and
then the Lord said to Moses depart and go up from here you and the people whom
go up from here you and the people whom
go up from here you and the people whom you have brought out of the land of
you have brought out of the land of
you have brought out of the land of Egypt to the land of which I swore to
Egypt to the land of which I swore to
Egypt to the land of which I swore to Abraham Isaac and Jacob saying to your
Abraham Isaac and Jacob saying to your
Abraham Isaac and Jacob saying to your descendants I will give it and I will
descendants I will give it and I will
descendants I will give it and I will send my angel before you and I will
send my angel before you and I will
send my angel before you and I will drive out the Canaanite and the amorite
drive out the Canaanite and the amorite
drive out the Canaanite and the amorite and the hittite and the perizzite and a
and the hittite and the perizzite and a
and the hittite and the perizzite and a high light and the jebusite go up to a
high light and the jebusite go up to a
high light and the jebusite go up to a land flowing with milk and honey for I
land flowing with milk and honey for I
land flowing with milk and honey for I will not go up in your midst lest I
will not go up in your midst lest I
will not go up in your midst lest I consume you on the way for you are a
consume you on the way for you are a
consume you on the way for you are a stiff-necked people and when the people
stiff-necked people and when the people
stiff-necked people and when the people heard this bad news they mourned and no
heard this bad news they mourned and no
heard this bad news they mourned and no one put on his ornaments for the Lord
one put on his ornaments for the Lord
one put on his ornaments for the Lord had said to Moses say to the children of
had said to Moses say to the children of
had said to Moses say to the children of Israel you are a stiff-necked people I
Israel you are a stiff-necked people I
Israel you are a stiff-necked people I could come up into your midst in one
could come up into your midst in one
could come up into your midst in one moment and consume you now therefore
moment and consume you now therefore
moment and consume you now therefore take off your ornaments that I may know
take off your ornaments that I may know
take off your ornaments that I may know what to do to you so the children of
what to do to you so the children of
what to do to you so the children of Israel stripped themselves of their
Israel stripped themselves of their
Israel stripped themselves of their ornaments by Mount Horeb Moses took his
ornaments by Mount Horeb Moses took his
ornaments by Mount Horeb Moses took his tent and pitched it outside the camp far
tent and pitched it outside the camp far
tent and pitched it outside the camp far from the camp and called it the
from the camp and called it the
from the camp and called it the tabernacle of meeting and it came to
tabernacle of meeting and it came to
tabernacle of meeting and it came to pass but everyone who sought the Lord
pass but everyone who sought the Lord
pass but everyone who sought the Lord went out to the tabernacle of meeting
went out to the tabernacle of meeting
went out to the tabernacle of meeting which was outside the camp so it was
which was outside the camp so it was
which was outside the camp so it was whenever Moses went out to the
whenever Moses went out to the
whenever Moses went out to the tabernacle that all the people rose and
tabernacle that all the people rose and
tabernacle that all the people rose and each man stood at his tent door and
each man stood at his tent door and
each man stood at his tent door and watched Mose
watched Mose
watched Mose until he had gone into the tabernacle
until he had gone into the tabernacle
until he had gone into the tabernacle and it came to pass when Moses entered
and it came to pass when Moses entered
and it came to pass when Moses entered the tabernacle but the pillar of cloud
the tabernacle but the pillar of cloud
the tabernacle but the pillar of cloud descended and stood at the door of the
descended and stood at the door of the
descended and stood at the door of the tabernacle and the Lord talked with
tabernacle and the Lord talked with
tabernacle and the Lord talked with Moses all the people saw the pillar of
Moses all the people saw the pillar of
Moses all the people saw the pillar of cloud standing at the tabernacle door
cloud standing at the tabernacle door
cloud standing at the tabernacle door and all the people rose and worshipped
and all the people rose and worshipped
and all the people rose and worshipped each man in his tent door so the Lord
each man in his tent door so the Lord
each man in his tent door so the Lord spoke to Moses face to face as a man
spoke to Moses face to face as a man
spoke to Moses face to face as a man speaks to his friend and he would return
speaks to his friend and he would return
speaks to his friend and he would return to the camp but his servant Joshua the
to the camp but his servant Joshua the
to the camp but his servant Joshua the son of nun a young man did not depart
son of nun a young man did not depart
son of nun a young man did not depart from the tabernacle and Moses said to
from the tabernacle and Moses said to
from the tabernacle and Moses said to the Lord
see you say to me bring up the speed but
see you say to me bring up the speed but you have not let me know who you will
you have not let me know who you will
you have not let me know who you will send with me yet you have said I know
send with me yet you have said I know
send with me yet you have said I know you by name and you have also found
you by name and you have also found
you by name and you have also found grace in my sight now therefore I pray
grace in my sight now therefore I pray
grace in my sight now therefore I pray if I have found grace in your sight show
if I have found grace in your sight show
if I have found grace in your sight show me now
your way that I may know you and that I
your way that I may know you and that I may find grace in your sight
and consider
and consider that this nation is your people
that this nation is your people
that this nation is your people my presence will go with you and I will
my presence will go with you and I will
my presence will go with you and I will give you rest if your presence does not
give you rest if your presence does not
give you rest if your presence does not go with us do not bring us up from here
go with us do not bring us up from here
go with us do not bring us up from here for how then will it be known that your
for how then will it be known that your
for how then will it be known that your people and I have found grace in your
people and I have found grace in your
people and I have found grace in your sight except you go with us so we shall
sight except you go with us so we shall
sight except you go with us so we shall be separate your people and I from all
be separate your people and I from all
be separate your people and I from all the people who are upon the face of the
the people who are upon the face of the
the people who are upon the face of the earth I will also do this thing that you
earth I will also do this thing that you
earth I will also do this thing that you have spoken for you have found grace in
have spoken for you have found grace in
have spoken for you have found grace in my sight and I know you by name
I will make all my goodness pass before
I will make all my goodness pass before you and I will proclaim the name of the
you and I will proclaim the name of the
you and I will proclaim the name of the Lord before you I will be gracious to
Lord before you I will be gracious to
Lord before you I will be gracious to whom I will be gracious and I will have
whom I will be gracious and I will have
whom I will be gracious and I will have compassion on whom I will have
compassion on whom I will have
compassion on whom I will have compassion you cannot see my face for no
compassion you cannot see my face for no
compassion you cannot see my face for no man shall see me and live here is a
man shall see me and live here is a
man shall see me and live here is a place by me and you shall stand on the
place by me and you shall stand on the
place by me and you shall stand on the rock so it shall be
rock so it shall be
rock so it shall be while my glory passes by that I will put
while my glory passes by that I will put
while my glory passes by that I will put you in the cleft of the rock and will
you in the cleft of the rock and will
you in the cleft of the rock and will cover you with my hand while I pass by
cover you with my hand while I pass by
cover you with my hand while I pass by then I will take away my
then I will take away my
then I will take away my and you shall see my back but my face
and you shall see my back but my face
and you shall see my back but my face shall not be seen